hello ipfs camp loud we are very excited
to introduce to you the gathering which
is a decentralized delightful mobile app
that helps people enjoy conferences like
this one go the next so we decided to
build something that was meant for the
meet space meant for events like this
where people are together and there's
always kind of the sticky problems of
people exchanging content information
that our contact information that
they're able to retrieve later and
contact the people and remember what you
talked about and we also were inspired
by sort of three different observations
about human nature and these types of
events first is that we explore
different parts of ourselves in
different contexts sometimes the place
where we want to dig deepest into a
particular niche part of our
personalities something like a
conference among the 150 or so of the
most dedicated people to the D web in
the entire universe means that the
profiles that we have from LinkedIn or
from Twitter or from any other social
media site are not really appropriate
they don't give a great sense for why
we're here what brings us to this
community of affinity and what can draw
us closer together
another aspect that we recognize too is
that this is an incredibly inefficient
process of actually exchanging contact
information can I get a show of hands
does anybody have an app on their phone
that they only have because somebody at
a conference said oh are you on X
platform you should get on it and then
you make one contact and that's it I've
got like six maybe it's embarrassing
okay that's a ridiculous thing these
things that we use to interact with each
other they should be portable you should
be able to pull down that information
that you collect into simple formats
like VCF the third thing that we kind of
were motivated by is the idea that
connections of these events are some of
the most powerful and meaningful ways to
advance projects advance personal
development advance careers yet there's
always this sense that maybe the
potential energy that's in all the
connections between all the people in
this room isn't being completely tapped
and that's something we can never
completely solve but we think we made
something that can make it
little bit better that can accelerate
the types of connections that are deep
and meaningful and that advanced the
entire space so we built for you
something called The Gathering and
actually before we go too far I want to
actually put something up on the screen
it's a QR code so if you can get out
your phones this is live
we built this and it is the first
deployed instance of the gathering for
ipfs camp and what it is is a platform
where you can connect to other nodes on
the network and share contact
information and download that
information and it's gamified and it's
kind of fun and I'll talk about that in
a second
maybe we should leave it up for just one
more second all right I'm gonna do a
five second countdown five four three
I gotta bring it back for him there you
go all right now five four three two one
and actually you can also type it out if
your phone doesn't do QR codes GT HR dot
io / IP FS GT HR dot io / IP FS so what
is this thing it's an incentivized
contact sharing protocol so it allows
you to connect ok that's simple but it
also allows you to recommend that other
people you know should talk to each
other so if you talk to somebody that's
very very deep into a niche part of this
whole space and then you meet somebody
else who's looking to get into that it's
important that you be able to send that
along to them and so don't get a pop-up
that says hey Justin has recommended
that you meet so-and-so who likes the
same thing and then if you go find that
person Justin gets points inside the
system so he's incentivized to make
matches because there are n ft trophies
for good behavior in here if we can go
to the next slide actually let's jump to
slides we've got three ERC 7:21 trophies
for the best behavior that we're looking
for at this event using the gathering
we've got a schmoozer trophy which is
the most connections we've got a cupid
trophy for the most matches made and
we've got an MVP trophy for the most
total points so those things hopefully
will be an incentive to go forward with
this anyway I want to turn it over works
50 seconds so I'm gonna walk you real
quick through how it works so there is
no database or anything like that
the IP FS notice on your phone the
gathering only exists here so how does
that work
so there's ipfs on the browser and
inside of that we're using orbit DB on
an append-only log that basically
reconstructs how that all that data in
there to make it so that people can
connect and can request connection and
can recommend each other and if you want
to learn more you should come and talk
to us because we just don't have enough
time to talk about it but the rest of
these slides are expressing the pain and
delight that was working with all this
awesome tech and making it easy for
normal people to use and finding the
limits of the technology and if you want
to join us
scan that QR code we'd love to connect
with you good luck
also we'll be at the sci-fi fair
tomorrow talk to us then
[Applause]